Add content creation process for documentation and blog (#1859)
FerretDB/FerretDB: website/blog/_guide/YYYY-MM-DD.blog-template.md

author_image_url: #link to author profile image # optional – please remove this line if you don't want to use an author image. See below for more info
description: This is a short description of a FerretDB blog post.
keywords:
  - keyword1
  - keyword2
image: /img/blog/post-cover-image.jpg
tags: [tag1, tag2]
unlisted: true
---

Leave a space before starting article.
Please write a short summary of the article here.
This can be the same as the `description` above.
Then add the feature image of the article

![Image alt description](/img/blog/banner-image.jpg) <!---Please add the path for the image banner (i.e. /img/blog/banner-image.png).-->

<!--truncate-->

Start body of the article from here.
This section should contain the rest of the article introduction.

## The content writing process (Start from Heading 2 since the blog title represents Heading 1)

All blog posts are written in Markdown.
Please add Markdown files to the `blog` directory.
Files should be in this format `YYYY-MM-DD-shortened-article-name.md` or `YYYY-MM-DD-folder-name/article-name.md`.

All images for this blog post - including the banner image - should be stored in this folder `(../../static/img/blog)`.

> You can also store the images in a folder with the blogpost date under this directoryfor example, `/img/blog/2022-12-29/banner.png`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also store the images in a folder with the blog post date under this directory for example, `/img/blog/2022-12-29/banner.png`.
```
